this is the contour HD 1080 camera
software this is not coming with the
little camera right here what you do is
plug the device in and it goes to a
website which downloads this and I want
to show you that the things that you can
change in the software on the camera but
you can't do it by hand what we do is we
go into tools up here and push on tools
and says configure the camera and it
says contour 180 right there
and right next to it it says video
quality and you can either go the video
quality you can go high medium or low
now with the lighting you can go every
day outdoors dusk manual settings or on
camera or manual settings and that would
that'll if you go like manual settings
what that will do is you can you can
change the contrast the sharpness and
the exposure and they have different
levels here that you can do you can also
adjust the metering up here from center
to average to spot I have no idea what
that is I'll just leave it where it was
now your third deal that you could
change is the audio you push that on and
what you have is a mic sensitivity and
you can flip it up or down it's at 45
and it will go all the way to 59 and you
can see where I'm going I've taken that
to 49 and now I'm going back to 46 right
there and then you come back down to
your little box here and you apply it
now the camera has a high and a low
switch and I'm not sure if this is meant
for in the camera itself or because it
does have a high and low switch in the
camera but on your high switch you can
go from full HD 1080 to tall HD 960
action HD or contour HD and I have no
idea what all this means but it says the
quality is currently set at high it'll
say what your battery life is going to
be shortest average recording time 88
minutes per gigabyte resolution is 1920
by 1080 bit rate is high frame rate 30
30 frames per second 16.9 aspect ratio
and field of view is a hundred and
eleven degrees now that's one thing I've
noticed 111 degrees now if we go and
switch this to low right here it it has
action 720 tall 960 or fast SD I don't
haven't a clue what any of this means
but average recording time is short 10
minutes per gigabyte resolution is 1280
by 960 bit rate is high frame rate is 30
aspect rate is 4 to 3 and the field of
view is 135 degrees so you can change
all that of the camera right there you
can change all that using the software
and then if you push this contour hd10
with that does it will import all the
movies into in from the camera and you
can delete them or keep them or do
whatever you want and then in tools you
can set the camera time register the
camera preferences Windows Media Player
units of measure feet meters and it's
just a it's a real easy to use software
I'm really happy so far I just have to
take the camera and I have to move it up
a couple of notches on my helmet so it's
aimed higher that way I can look further
on down the road okay